What is going on guys.
And welcome to our next series has legs marks and says great project and this website project.
This is what we're going to be building.
So we're going to start over here with our bar or here with the links and with the phantasmal here and
the now bar is going to be responsive.
So you can see that as actual screen is shrinking.
You can see or hear how the links are actually going to be wrapping when you get to the next line.
And once we get to a smaller screen or here we have a toggle button which is actually going to be toggling
going right.
And we're also going to look at how we can make these spanne items right.
These bars are here like this right.
So by default this is going to look like a typical bootstrap nav bar Barberton right.
We're going to make sure that once we actually click it you can see a few things are going to be changing
then once we're done with the now more we're actually going to look at how we can create or here is
banner right when the background photo.
This is going to be all we're heading.
It's going to be our subheading heading this or here is going to be the button you can see or see or
hear it.
We're going to have a transition effect that as I'm hovering over here you can see that the button is
going to have a different ground.
And as actually not hovering over it actually changes back the car.
Then after that we're going to have a skills section.
We're all going to have again a phantasm and you can see or hear that is going to be four of them on
a bigger screen and then it is going to go down to two.
And once we had hit a smaller screen this is going to be a single or here skill.
And then after that if we're hovering You can see that we're going to be using a zooming in fact that's
going to be transformation.
We're basically we're going to be scaling it down.
Then after that we're going to have a section where you actually going to have a video also.
So first this is going to be our text.
And then over here we're going to have a video that's going to be actually if we click it we're going
to be playing the video on our Web site.
Then after that we're going to have a services section or here and you can see it with all the titles.
We're going to have a hovering effect where as we were hovering over the title the underline over here
is not only going to expand but it's also going to change a color.
And in fact I'm going to go back and see that it's going to go back to its original size.
Now this is going to be a services section.
We're going to have a three of them three services in each line and total is going to be six.
And over here you can see that we're going to be using the flex box to set them side by side and we're
going to look at how we can create over here these six of them right so how to actually make sure that
we have six in one line.
And once we again go to the smaller screen this is responsive.
So this turns to two.
Then after that we can have a portfolio section we're all going to place six images again.
And we're going to have a hovering in fact.
So as I'm hovering over the image you can see that from the bottom there is going to be a line job name
and all of this is going to be location known here.
This is going to be orderly.
So over here you can see that as I'm hovering the link it's going to change the color and it's also
going to transport itself.
And so it's going to translate itself wide direction.
And this is going to be the link where again we're going to be using a transition effect next is going
to be numbers are going to be using from some here hidings three which is going to be our title.
And as you can see again as I'm hovering there are going to be actually translating y direction then
we're going to have a team section where as I'm hovering over the cards the cards are going to have
a image and this is going to be a title subtitle.
These are going to be phantasm icons.
And over here you can see that as I'm hovering or no link or here this is actually going to translate.
Again a link here in this case font awesome icon arrow.
It's going to turn 19 degrees.
Then after that we're going to have a customer of U.S. We're going to have a image.
It's going to be around and circle again and then there's going to be name a profession and I don't
hear small text about it.
So if I'm going to make it to the smaller screen and you can see that it's going to go up and down and
then it's going to be three of them.
But once we go actually to the single screen you can see that this is how it's going to look like right.
So there's going to be three of them single.
One by one and then the last one is going to be contact sectional.
Here we have contact us again this is going to be a title and here we're going to have a street name
phone email and and this is going to be in hours or here this is going to be a forum and we're going
to look at how we can actually get rid of the mortars.
How can we get rid of the backgrounds and only thing we left out here is this one line here this is
going to send a message.
And this is going to be our submit button.
And let's go ahead and let's start working on this project.